(gentle music)
You know, when you're growing up,
when you're very young,
people tell you, you can do whatever you wanna do.
By investing in people,
we're investing in the mission of the university
and ultimately our desire to address complex human problems.
People tell you if you work hard,
you can have whatever you like.
People tell you all of these things about discipline
and about love and about freedom,
and I thought all of those things were true.
I think there is a sense
that we are at an inflection point
in the history of this university.
We've barely begun to scratch the surface.
If we can make it happen
and even greater excellence than we currently see.
That we are moving from excellence,
that we have in many categories to real eminence.
I think destiny is an evolving thing.
I think that Emory was destined for excellence.
(upbeat music)